The Joe Rogan.
Experience. And then you also have this crazy green drink that you were.
Telling me about. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So this right here is, um, Lina, uh,
ever since I changed my diet up,
I need to have a couple of these every single day and it, uh,
makes me feel good, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't eat meat anymore,
so I know you're a big meaty yeah. Eat.
Fish or any of that? No, nothing.
All vegan.
All vegan. When did you.
Become vegan? Uh, probably about, oh man.
I wanna say probably about almost two years now. Really? Yeah.
Almost two years now. Like it love it love, but it's changed my life, man.
It's been, it's been one of the things I can honestly say.
That's just revolutionized my, my complete everything. It's it's,
it's, it's been everything that that's, um, lately that has, you know,
changed me from a mental standpoint, physical standpoint,
and even a spiritual standpoint.
I definitely think it changes the mind because this all meat diet that I've been
on that changes your mind the other way. It makes you more aggressive. Yeah.
Too much. So yeah. Have to work out extra to keep the, keep the demons at bed.
It's the blood. It is. It's that, it's also like, if you think about it,
if you, if your body thinks, okay, I have to eat animals all the time.
Cause all this eats as animals. Right. Right.
If your body thinks that your body's going to sort of take on the
characteristics of, I think that's a predator mm-hmm <affirmative> right.
You would become more. I mean, this is obviously like some bro. Psychology,
some moron,
but I would say your body is gonna think I'm more aggressive. I,
I have to chase down and kill it. Yeah. Right.
That's that's you have to be more predatory. Your body has to think that way.
I can get with that. It, it makes sense though. It makes sense.
Did you do it right after you retired?
Um, you know, I kind of, not right after I retired,
it was kind of something that, um, that kind of just happened. Like I, uh,
ever since I, um, like cuz I do mushrooms, right? Uh,
oh yeah. Yeah. So it was, it was, it was when I did a, uh, like when I had a,
a really, really deep trip that just caused me to, to uh,
have one of those ego deaths mm-hmm <affirmative> and when I had the ego death,
I was like in a state where this knowingness was coming to me and it was like,
you know, I was like, uh, it was all day. It was, I, I did a, uh,
a mushroom ceremony. Mm. And it was all day and I was just out in the sun.
It just, you know, in my own mind. And then, um,
I was smelling real bad and then I smelled myself and you know,
you catch a smell yourself. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I was like, oh my God,
I stink.
And then <laugh> the knowingness said like you stink because you eat dead
rotting flesh. And it said, if you want to eat, if you want life,
then you eat life. That's what this knowingness said to me. And, and I was like,
that's a strange thought to just come into my mind like that mm-hmm
<affirmative>. And then after that, no kidding.
Like I just lost my taste for meat. It just,
and I used to eat all kinds of meat. I would eat, I would eat pork. And,
and I was, you know, big into pork and big into like all kinds of meat.
I was never one of those diet guys at all. But after that happened to me,
after I had that experience, it was just like one of those things that, um,
that I just couldn't help, but go into, like, I just lost it.
Taste for me one trip. Yeah. I mean, well, it was, well, it was,
it kind of started one in a, um,
like about eight months before that I did the toad
and then the, to was one that, that really was the catalyst for everything's a.
Lot of people listening, going, what the is he saying? You did the toad.
Yeah. Yeah. So five M O D Mt. Which is the toad and the,
to was one that was, I guess, the,
the catalyst of busting that gate open.
And that's a crazy psychedelic. Yeah. That's a very underrated psychedelic. Oh.
My God. It, it, that, that will, yeah.
That's the, the first really I had done mushrooms before, but I did a,
a fairly small dose. I mean, fairly small in that I could walk around.
I was pretty whacked out, but I could walk around a couple grams,
but the five me O DMT was the first one where I just ceased to
exist. I just stopped. And it made me really aware of ego, really aware of like,
even the way I expressed myself,
the way I would frame sentences and say things. I was just,
I was trying to sound cool. Yeah.
Or I was trying to portray something in a way, like,
not just trying to portray the information, but trying to impress people.
And it made me like, feel real gross.
Yeah. Well, that's, that's the thing like when, um,
I had my five experience, it was, uh, man, I just never,
I never thought that, um,
consciousness could be so vast and so big. You know, when I, when,
when you have that experience with the five MBO,
it just like it made this consciousness make look as if like it was,
uh, a, a drop in a bucket, you know, just like a little drop in.
I got to experience the ocean of consciousness and that right there was,
it was the most humbling experience I ever had, you know, just to, uh,
feel my ego, who I thought I was,
what I thought I was completely just annihilated and to feel what
I actually was, you know, it was, it was crazy.
Yeah.
I feel like regular consciousness that most of us exist in most of the time is a
veneer. It's a very thin veneer. Yeah.
And through some things you get a taste of what's under the surface through
meditation and yoga and all these different methods that people use.
Holotropic breathing, you get a taste of what's underneath the surface,
Kundalini yoga, apparently Kline yoga, apparently never really done it,
but some people say you could really trip out if you do it, uh,
in a certain way. For long periods of time,
people have like very intense psychedelic experiences akin to DMT.
Yeah. I had like a, um,
like a Kundalini kind of experience, like a note awakening where it was like a,
uh, as I just had, um,
felt like the top of my head just completely was gone. And it was,
it was like, I was just open to
all like the information. It was, it was a easy, it was like I had no,
no, no, no head. Like, it was just,
I was just information was just pouring into, but no roof.
No roof was this from Kini.
No, it, it was, uh, it, it was from mushrooms, but oh, it was from similar, but,
but I felt, but I felt that, um, that,
that wanted to lean the experience where you see the light mm-hmm <affirmative>
it was like this really intense light that, that happens in, in my head.
And it was just, boom. You see, you see the universe.
You know? Well, you know, that, um, that thing about the center of your head,
that's what the there's,
there's a lot of speculation on what the Egyptians were trying to draw when they
were drawing certain images, but there's certain temples that seem to mimic,
uh, certain,
certain shapes in these temples that seem to mimic the pineal gland.
Like even the eye that there's that famous Egyptian eye that has that sort of
dip down. Yeah. And that weird sort of Egyptian shape,
there's been a bunch of different scholars that have tried to figure out what
exactly that meant. And one,
one of the theories is that that's a cross section of the pineal gland.
And they think that what they were emphasizing was that,
that is the area where the brain produces all the psychedelic chemicals.
And they, they, they speculated this for a long time, but Dr. Rick Strassman,
uh, he's the guy that wrote that, uh, book, uh, DMT,
the spirit molecule and actually a documentary on it that I hosted. And he, um,
he's done a bunch of work with this Cottonwood research foundation where they've
shown now that it exists in live rats and that it,
that it is actually produced by that gland,
that DMT is actually produced in these animals by this one particular gland that
they as associated with spiritual awakening with the third eye.
So it actually is a real thing. That feeling that you get. Yeah.
And the thing about mushrooms it's really interesting is mushrooms actually
mimic natural human neurochemistry.
There's five MEO, DMT there's N N DMT.
And then what mushrooms, the, what it's processed to the way,
the way it, uh, your body processes, it becomes something called four Fox,
four Oxy, N N dimethyltryptamine. So it's real, it's all real close, real close.
I might have butchered that technical description, but that's, it's,
it's real close to human neurochemistry. So your body absorbs it very easily.
Your body takes it in your body, knows what it is, your body know, doing it.
See when I was, um, I like mushrooms because the mushrooms,
so the five me was so powerful that you,
you can't really get a handle on what happened. Like I,
I came back from being away for like 17 minutes and I'm just like, whoa,
that was intense. You know,
I felt as if like I was everything all at the same time and it was, you know,
so many different things that was just happening,
but you really can't unpack it because it's, it's,
it's incomprehensible to an extent for, for the larger extent,
because you you're, you're dealing with, you know,
concepts that the human mind can't even grasp because there's no vocabulary to,
to speak about it. You know? So, um, when I did the mushrooms,
the mushrooms were kind of like the rivers and the lakes that leads to the
ocean.
And it helps me understand how I am part of something so big
and something so grand. So when I, when I did my,
when I have my mushroom experiences, they were all different in some,
in some respect, you know, like, um, like whenever I, I do go deep,
cause I like to go deep. I don't, I don't,
I don't play around with like micro dosin. Yeah. Micro do. I mean,
I do microdosing sometimes, but I like to get in there with like five grams,
you know, mm-hmm, <affirmative> 10, you know, that's how you know, it's up.
Yeah. Those big ones, the big doses where you,
you get kind of scared once you ate it. And then, you know,
you got like 40 minutes before it kicks and you're like, oh boy,
just turn it back now. There's no turning back now,
but that's the thing about it when you face that, that fear mm-hmm,
<affirmative> of just going deep and it's helped me out so much.